this event is brought to you by summit
credit union join for the perks visit us
at summit Cu dot org on Saturday June
fourteenth teenagers are welcome to come
out to the Nussbaum Center for
Entrepreneurship from 1 to 3 30 p.m. to
take part and rebuild ups jobs course
where they'll play economy junior and
pitch drill what is rebuild ups jobs
course step one of this course is
playing economy junior economy junior is
an economic literacy game that has you
play as a customer picking out a career
in spending a month's paycheck on
essentials like housing utilities
groceries childcare and more without
going bankrupt after that you play
through again as a merchant selling
these same products to cover your
business overhead and hopefully post a
profit the second step is to play pitch
drill bitch drill is a fast-paced
introduction to business plans in
pitching by having you develop and
present a profitable solution for a
specific problem before a panel of
volunteer judges the jobs course is
completed once you've played both these
games keep in mind that economy junior
and pitch drill are intended to be
introductions to help businesses and
economics work to actually make money
with your own business or startup as
they're often called you're going to
need more help this is why we provide
resources on rebuild up calm for you to
find available events and clases in your
area to assist you in building essential
business skills when you're ready the
next step is to send in your own startup
concept to the cashless incubator this
event is organized in part by shift
promoting and supporting entrepreneurs
in Greensboro join us at shift here dot
org admission to the cashless incubator
is free for participants of this job's
course event thanks to a generous
donation by summit credit union to learn
more go to rebuild up calm ford /
Nussbaum